[DM-2118] add serializationFormat property description to the documentation (#1167)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/register-device.md

<td style="text-align: left">Optional</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<tr>
<td style="text-align: left">Device protocol serialization format</td>
<td style="text-align: left">serializationFormat</td>
<td style="text-align: left">String</td>

> <td style="text-align: left">Indicates the preferred content format for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to use to communicate with the device. The content format could be TLV, JSON, CBOR, TEXT, OPAQUE or SENML_JSON and SENML_CBOR. In case of empty or invalid entry, then {{< product-c8y-iot >}} automatically select the one of the serialization formats which device sends during the device registration</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td style="text-align: left">Indicates the preferred content format for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to communicate with the device. The allowed content formats are: TLV, JSON, CBOR, TEXT, OPAQUE or SENML_JSON and SENML_CBOR. In case of an empty or invalid entry, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} automatically selects the serialization format which the device sends during device registration.</td>

is the serialization format the same as the content format?
not sure if my suggestion respects the intended sense.
```
